# is117-spec-driven-development

Spec-driven portfolio site for IS117.

## Deployment
GitHub Pages Link: https://allwynthomas.github.io/is117-spec-driven-development

## Reflection
In the exploration phase, I first asked ChatGPT about which design layout would work best for my portfolio. I then settled on Swiss International because it keeps the website simple and does not distract viewers from what is important. I then asked for a specific design checklist on what is required and what rules I should follow for the design. This included the minimum required information needed to display my projects. I then asked about the tech stack I should use for quick development and deployment and settled on static HTML and CSS with GitHub Pages for deployment. Next, I asked to create a specification based on the chosen design and tech stack requirements. I moved the specification document into AGENTS.md and asked Copilot to split the specifications into markdown files that were small sprints with the necessary sections. These were placed in the planning folder. I then asked the coding agent to do each sprint and ask me to verify the results of the sprint with acceptance criteria. Active sprints were placed in the active folder, and after I verified the results, the sprint was moved to the completed folder. The only few times I had to give more instructions was when content needed to be added for personal information like my name, role, contact details, and project descriptions. It was important to see the agent's thought process as they performed tasks to ensure they did not drift from the written specifications. Having the sprints in smaller, modular markdown files also ensured the agent's context window was not overloaded with tokens which could increase the risk of mistakes.